Sarahwxy (#4187)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/activity-reports/microsoft-teams-user-activity-preview.md

|Total meetings   <br/> |The number of online meetings that the user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |
|1:1 calls   <br/> | The number of 1:1 calls that the user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |
|Last activity date (UTC)  <br/> |The last date that the user participated in a Microsoft Teams activity.<br/> |
|Meetings participated ad hoc   <br/> | The number of ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |
|Meetings organized ad hoc <br/> |The number of ad hoc meetings a user organized during the specified time period. <br/>|

> |Total organized meetings  <br/> |The sum of one-time scheduled, Recurring, ad hoc and unclassified meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Total organized meetings  <br/> |The sum of the one-time scheduled, recurring, ad hoc, and unclassified meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |
```

> |Total participated meetings  <br/> |The sum of the one-time scheduled, recurring, ad hoc and unclassified meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Total participated meetings  <br/> |The sum of the one-time scheduled, recurring, ad hoc, and unclassified meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |
```

> |Meetings organized scheduled one-time  <br/> |The number of one-time scheduled meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Meetings organized scheduled one-time  <br/> |The number of the one-time scheduled meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |
```

> |Meetings organized scheduled recurring  <br/> |The number of recurring meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Meetings organized scheduled recurring  <br/> |The number of recurring meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |
```

> |Meetings organized scheduled recurring  <br/> |The number of recurring meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Meetings organized scheduled recurring  <br/> |The number of the recurring meetings a user organized during the specified time period.  <br/> |
```

|Meetings participated scheduled one-time  <br/> |The number of the one-time scheduled meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |
|Meetings participated scheduled recurring  <br/> |The number of the recurring meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.  <br/> |
|Is licensed  <br/> |Selected if the user is licensed to use Teams. <br/>|

> |Other activity  <br/>|The User is active but has performed other activities than exposed action types offered in the report (sending or replying to channel messages and chat messages, scheduling or participating in 1:1 calls and meetings). Examples actions are when a user changes the Teams status or the Teams status message or opens a Channel Message post but does not reply.  <br/>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Other activity  <br/>|The User is active but has performed other activities than exposed action types offered in the report (sending or replying to channel messages and chat messages, scheduling or participating in 1:1 calls and meetings). Examples of actions are when a user changes the Teams status or the Teams status message or opens a Channel message post but does not reply.  <br/>|
```

> |unclassified meetings <br/>|The one which can not be classified as schedule or recurring or ad hoc. These are  short in number and mostly can't be identified because of tampered telemetry information. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|unclassified meetings <br/>|Messages which cannot be classified as schedule, recurring, or ad hoc. These are short in number and mostly can't be identified because of tampered telemetry information. |
```
